# Meeting Notes 8-3-2018

<!-- TOC -->

- [Meeting Notes 8-3-2018](#meeting-notes-8-3-2018)
    - [Points of Focus/Interest](#points-of-focusinterest)
    - [Personal Curiosity](#personal-curiosity)
    - [Basic notes](#basic-notes)
        - [Comparing Loops](#comparing-loops)
    - [Why do 2 loops on an array one starting at front one at end.](#why-do-2-loops-on-an-array-one-starting-at-front-one-at-end)
    - [Code Blocks](#code-blocks)
        - [1st Question:](#1st-question)
        - [2nd Question](#2nd-question)

<!-- /TOC -->

## Points of Focus/Interest
* Make the method work for *All* occurrences.
* LINQ: is a collection
    - max
    - Select
        + collection can do all/most of what can be done in SQL.
* if you use 0 for the value as your check # if the highest number in an array is a neg. it will never overwrite.
    - to avoid can instantiate without value, as 1 lower than lowest pos # (in first ex. Q: it -1000)
        + so you would set it to be -1001
        + OR you can set it to int.Min() so it will set it to lowest number in the array it is being '*feed*'.
* to start from the END of of an array set to start at ((array.Length) - 1) then instead of iterating (++) you subtract (--).

* Doing C# now
    - may expand to 
        + sql
        + JS
        + css

eventually

## Personal Curiosity
* Knockout

## Basic notes

* Covering purpose of questions we have had so far.
* Main difference between a *for* and a *foreach* is that for you already ***Know*** how many times you need to iterate.
* Difference between *While* and *Do While*
    - While:
        + will run *until* something tells it to ***STOP***
    - Do While
        + Will run *at least **Once*** no matter what.

### Comparing Loops

- for: Length
- foreach: each
- while: condition
- doWhile: once... then condition

* For is faster on Value arrays
*ForEach is faster on LISTS
    - difference may only be in milliseconds
        + more important in refactor steps to keep this in mind.

## Why do 2 loops on an array one starting at front one at end.
* Allows you to run the process asynchronously and increase performance/ return speed with larger arrays.

## Code Blocks

### 1st Question:
```C# 
    int major(int[] inputArray){

    }
```

2 <= Length <= 10
-1000 <= Contents <= 1000

```C#
    for(int i= o, i < array.Length, i++/--){
        //Code
    }
```

### 2nd Question
```C#
    int AdjacentMultiply(int[] inputArray){

    }
```

* Array Here
    - 2, 1, 6, -9, 10, 10
        + 2
        + 6
        + -54
        + -90
        + 100

```C#
    int majorM = array[0] * array[1];
```

He would use the above to get the value for first 2 numbers. THEN start after that and only if number is larger than stored value overwrite it with that value then cont.

